hello everyone welcome to an event a
cyst rants former Prime video looking at
another great application so of course
is available on all android devices and
the application we are looking at today
is simply called file locker one of the
slight issues with android tablet
devices that the moment is that you
can't have your own account so really
every tablet is open to anyone to use
there is an application that does come
with the tablet which is called app
Locker which locks an application
completely but if you don't want to lock
an entire application maybe it's just a
document you want to lock or a video or
a picture that you want to lock you can
do that with this application and it is
called simply file locker and it's free
and you can get it from the marketplace
so let's go straight into vm application
so this is what your file locket screen
looks like i'm currently my download
folder at the moment if we have a look
at this picture here which is a
background for the asus transformer i
have decided i want to lock this
pictures and no one else can see it i'll
use it so if I tick the box there's a
little tip next to it now and then press
on the lock button it will asked me for
a password for the purposes of this test
i'm simply going to use password so
we'll just put that in there use a lot
button and as you can see now it's
changed it simply has a date next to it
which is today's date to 12 of march if
i press on it you'll ask me to unlock it
and but let's not use it here let's see
if we can actually see elsewhere of a go
to the home screen go to the file
manager and let's have a look in a
downloads folder we can see that it is
currently locked file locked and if i
try and access it from here it simply
doesn't do anything open file fails so i
can't do anything so it does lot the
file it doesn't remove it from file
manager so you can tell that there is a
locked file
there however if I do go to the gallery
we can have a look at the download
folder and we'll see where there's no
actual presence of the picture there so
it does remove itself from applications
but you can see it from the file manager
so obviously if I want to lock it then I
would just go back to firewalker press
on the file its going to ask me I can
either unlock it for a short period of
time which means that i can lock it
again about using a password or if i
want to unlock it permanently i'll just
tip that and then put the password back
in that should remove any trace of the
fact that it's been unlocked so now we
can see a transformer picture has come
back and there you are it's open so I
can now use it again so air and need a
little device for just locking
individual files rather than lock an
entire application a couple of words of
warning obviously if you do do this you
do this at your own risk I've not had
any files corrupt on me yet but I've not
used that much and another thing is that
I believe that you cannot recover your
password if you forget it so if you do
forget it you're absolutely stuck and
you basically lost the data so do be
careful with it I am aware that on the
marketplace very is also another program
called hide it pro which has very good
ratings and i think is a whoops rumbling
it's a i believe is a very similar
locking program and i'm going to try out
in the next couple of days and if it's
good i will do a video on that as well
so i hope you found that useful again
the disclaimer is that if you use it you
do it your own risk I'm just suggesting
the application as a good way to lock
files thanks for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video I'll see you again
soon